#LyX 2.0 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 413
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass article
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100

\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_amsmath 1
\use_esint 1
\use_mhchem 1
\use_mathdots 1
\cite_engine basic
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Title
Bayes
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Let us first recall statistics involving the binomial distribution.
 People are given a binary choice: do want the snickerdoodle (S) cookie
 (my fav!) or the chocolate (C) chip (traditional greatness).
 If 5 people are sampled, we can have options S,S,S,S,S all the way to C,C,C,C,C
 and anywhere in between.
 The ways that three people can pick snickerdoodles are SSSCC, SSCSC, SSCCS,
 SCSSC, SCSCS, SCCSS, CSSSC, CSSCS, CSCSS, CCSSS.
 How many ways is this? 10 which is 
\begin_inset Formula $C(5,3)=\binom{5}{3}=\frac{5!}{3!(5-3)!}=\frac{120}{6\cdot2}$
\end_inset

.
 If we knew the probability of choosing snickerdoodles was 
\begin_inset Formula $p$
\end_inset

 and the chocolate chip was 
\begin_inset Formula $q=1-p$
\end_inset

.
 Then the probability choosing 3 snickerdoodles and 2 chocolate chips (in
 order) would be 
\begin_inset Formula $p\cdot p\cdot p\cdot q\cdot q$
\end_inset

.
 The probability of choosing 2 chocolate chips and 3 snickerdoodles is 
\begin_inset Formula $q\cdot q\cdot p\cdot p\cdot p$
\end_inset

, is obviously the same - order doesn't matter.
 Thus, the probability that one chooses 3 snickerdoodles and 2 chocolate
 chips in any order is 
\begin_inset Formula $\binom{5}{3}p\cdot p\cdot p\cdot q\cdot q=\binom{5}{3}p^{3}q^{2}$
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
We suppose there are 99 guys.
 There is a huge urn of small blue and red balls.
 The first guy says that the probability of drawing a suppose that we know
 that 73 out of 100 balls are red and the rest are blue.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Bayes theorem says the 
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
